feat: new `mongodbatlas_stream_instance` resource (#1685)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-streams/stream-instance/README.md

# MongoDB Atlas Provider - Atlas Stream Instance defined in a Project

This example shows how you can use Atlas Stream Instances in Terraform. As part of it, a project is created as a prerequisite.

Variables Required to be set:

- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key
- `org_id`: Organization ID where the project will be created.

> For additional information you can visit the [Stream Instance Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-sp/manage-processing-instance/#configure-a-stream-processing-instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use Atlas Stream Instances in Terraform. It also creates a project, which is a prerequisite.

You must set the following variables:

- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key
- `org_id`: Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the Organization that must contain the project.

To learn more, see the [Stream Instance Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-sp/manage-processing-instance/#configure-a-stream-processing-instance).
```
